Welcome back my students.
So now in the last lecture we build this really cool functionality where we are able to log then right.
We set the session and we take the session with this function and we put this function basically in
a statement right and we say locked in place you know show this or if not redirect back.
Now we need to build a function where we can log out.
All right.
And that's going to be our breeze arise going to be super easy.
So let's go and to our logo template right here and there is nothing there so we're just going to write
some ph be right here.
We don't even need to close the BHB time because we're not going to be writing NEHTA mouth.
All right.
That's the only reason why we would close this.
So we just let the server know and you're going to write BHB and that's it.
All right.
First of all we want it and you can include if you want to because we can write.
We need a session here.
So when these sessions start.
But if you go ahead and include I think if we include more in it already has that and he already has
functions as well.
So it's up to you if you want to do that.
All right.
So let's go to logo again.
And I'm going to include it that way.
I don't have to be putting a lot of stuff here.
So nogal I just have to go to functions and that would be in it.
Ph be.
All right.
So now that's included in oh I've got to do is session destroy and redirect because now I have access
to our functions redirects to that or logging BHB.
All right.
Now we got to check on navigation because our navigation has a logo and we've got to make sure that
he goes to look at our BHB does.
All right.
So now we log out.
It takes us back to logging that BHP.
All right so now let's try the AXS admin admin that we enter and he takes us back to home.
You see that.
So everything is working less logging now.
We are doing very good.
Aren't you happy.
We're getting a lot of stuff done a really cool functionalities.
One two and three logged in.
Beautiful.
All right.
And logout.
Aha.
This is working really cool really fast and you should be you know very proud of yourself by now.
All right.
So anyone the next lecture I think we're going to be targeting some more really cool functionalities
with REMEMBER ME functions right here right.
Because I want to show you how to do that right now a fight I'll show you the next lecture but right
now we close our browsers and we try and we are logged in everything we bet will be erased.
I'll show you our in our explain some more in the night and the next lecture right.
All right.
Thank you so much for watching.
And I see you in the next lecture.
Take care.